AP-653 - Extend the technical flow diagram in the tech docs to show the use of the endpoints relevant for cryptographic signing keys (#407)
govuk-one-login/authentication-tech-docs: README.md

== Inspect your site configuration at "http://localhost:4567/__middleman", "http://127.0.0.1:4567/__middleman"/usr/local/bundle/gems/tilt-2.0.11/lib/tilt/redcarpet.
```

## Making changes to diagrams 

Diagrams are content, so once you've made a change you should request a review from the technical writing team.

We use two tools
- [mermaid](`source/images/originals`) for UML sequence diagrams
- draw.io for genaral purpose diagrams

> The originals of the diagrams reside in `source/images/originals`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We keep the originals of the diagrams in `source/images/originals`
```

### Changing mermaid diagrams

You can edit the mermaid `.mmd` files in the `source/images/originals` folder by installing and using the draw.io desktop app.

Use one `.mmd` file per diagram.

### Installing the mermaid command line interface

Run the following command to use the mermaid command line interface.

```
npm install -g @mermaid-js/mermaid-cli
```

### Editing and publishing a mermaid diagram
Follow these steps:

> 1. Create and modify a diagram `.mmd` file in your source editor

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Create and modify a diagram `.mmd` file in your source editor.
```
